en: add docs for the usage and scenario of operate-schema (#254)
pingcap/docs-dm: en/usage-scenario-downstream-more-columns.md

## Migration solution

Assume the upstream table schema before the data migration is as follows:

```sql
CREATE TABLE `t1` (
  `c1` int(11) NOT NULL,
  `c2` int(11) DEFAULT NULL,
  PRIMARY KEY (`c1`)
) ENGINE=InnoDB DEFAULT CHARSET=latin1
```

The downstream table schema is as follows:

```sql
CREATE TABLE `t1` (
  `c1` int(11) NOT NULL,
  `c2` int(11) DEFAULT NULL,
  `c3` varchar(256) DEFAULT 'default_c3',
  PRIMARY KEY (`c1`)
) ENGINE=InnoDB DEFAULT CHARSET=latin1 COLLATE=latin1_bin
```

When you replicate incremental data using DM, if the downstream table schema has more columns than the upstream table schema, you can see the similar error by running the `query-status` command:

```
"errors": [
    {
        "ErrCode": 36027,
        "ErrClass": "sync-unit",
        "ErrScope": "internal",
        "ErrLevel": "high",
        "Message": "startLocation: [position: (mysql-bin.000001, 17491), gtid-set: ], endLocation: [position: (mysql-bin.000001, 17535), gtid-set: ]: gen insert sqls failed, schema: db_single, table: t1: Column count doesn't match value count: 3 (columns) vs 2 (values)",
        "RawCause": "",
        "Workaround": ""
    }
]
```

> When a DML statement in the binlog event needs to be migrated, if DM does not maintain internally the table schema corresponding to that table, DM will try to use the current table schema in the downstream to parse the binlog event and generate the corresponding DML statement. If the columns in the binlog event are inconsistent with the columns in te downstream table schema, the above error might occur.

Reviewer: Does `that table` means the extra table in the downstream? @csuzhangxc 
```suggestion
When a DML statement in the binlog event needs to be migrated, if DM has not internally maintained the table schema corresponding to that table, DM tries to use the current table schema in the downstream to parse the binlog event and generate the corresponding DML statement. If the number of columns in the binlog event is inconsistent with the number of columns in the downstream table schema, the above error might occur.
```

In such cases, you can run the [`operate-schema`](manage-schema.md) command to specify for the table a table schema that matches the binlog event. The steps are as follows:

> 1. Prepare the `CREATE TABLE` table schema statement that corresponds to data in the binlog event and save the statement in a file. For example, save the following table schema in the `db_single.t1-schema.sql` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Prepare the `CREATE TABLE` table schema statement that corresponds to data in the binlog event and save this statement in a file. For example, save the following table schema in the `db_single.t1-schema.sql` file:
```

    ```sql
    CREATE TABLE `t1` (
      `c1` int(11) NOT NULL,
      `c2` int(11) DEFAULT NULL,
      PRIMARY KEY (`c1`)
    ) ENGINE=InnoDB DEFAULT CHARSET=latin1
    ```

2. Run the [`operate-schema`](manage-schema.md) command to set the table schema. At this time, the task should be in the `Paused` state because of the above error.

>     {{< copyable "" >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    {{< copyable "regular-shell" >}}
```

    ```bash
    operate-schema set -s mysql-replica-01 task_single -d db_single -t t1 db_single.t1-schema.sql
    ```    

3. Run the [`resume-task`](resume-task.md) command to resume the `Paused` task.

> 4. Run the [`query-status`](query-status.md) command to check whether the data migration task is running normally.

Reviewer: Suggest `run the command` --> `execute the command` to avoid ambiguity (the task is running).

Author: Updated.
